#summary Installation Instructions for GSA Feed Manager v1.2
#labels Featured,Phase-Design

= Introduction =

This page contains the installation instructions for the GSA Feed Manager v1.2. All the appropriate files can be found in the zip file that is available in the downloads section.


= Details =

===Requirements===

  * one or more GSAs v4.6.4+
  * python v2.4+ or ActivePython v2.4+ must be installed on the machine where you will be installing the feed manager
  * in order to do the XML and feed validation, the lxml python library must be installed. You can find this library at: http://codespeak.net/lxml/

==Installation Instructions==

==> NOTE: Google does not warranty or in any way guarantee the reliability of this code. Use it at your own risk.

==>NOTE: Before starting, it is important to make sure that you meet the requirements for the feed manager


===Download and UnZip Feed Manager===

Unzip the file feedManager_v1.2.zip file where you want to have the feed
manager run.  This will create the appropriate directory, and all the default
locations for the archives and logs.


===Configure Feed Manager===

Configure the feed manager by editing the feedManager.cfg file.

In the general section, enter in the feeder type.  Valid values for feeder
type are server or directory.  If the feeder type is directory, you will
also have to configure the directory where the feed manager watches via
the filefeederdir value and the extension of files that the feed manager is
looking for using the filefeederextension value.  Lastly you will need to
configure the filefeedersleeptime and serverfeedersleeptime.  Both of these
values determine just how long the feeder will sleep between checks for new
feeds.  I would suggest 30 to 60 seconds for the filefeedersleeptime and
between 1 and 10 seconds for the serverfeedersleeptime.
For example:

{{{
[general]
# Valid feed types are server or directory
# feedertype:directory
feedertype:server
filefeederdir:c:\projects\feed_manager\feeds\
filefeederextension:.xml
filefeedersleeptime:60
serverfeedersleeptime:5
}}}


In the server section, enter in the host and port that the feed manager will
be running on.  You can either enter in localhost, 127.0.0.1, or the actual
IP of the machine.  For example:

{{{
[server]
host:localhost
port:19900
}}}


In the logger section, put in the path to the directory where the logs will
be stored, the name of the main logfile, and the extension of the log files.
For example:

{{{
[logger]
logdir:c:\projects\feed_manager\logs\
logname:feedManager
logext:.log
}}}


In the archiver section, put in the path to the directory where the archive
files will be stored.  For example:

{{{
[archiver]
archivedir:c:\projects\feed_manager\archives\
}}}


In the validator section, put in the path to the feed.dtd file which will
be used to validate the feed xml files that are sent to the feed manager.
For example:

{{{
[validator]
feeddtd:c:\projects\feed_manager\feed.dtd
}}}


In the notifier section, put in the from email address, whether the SMTP server
requires a SSL connection, the SMTP server host and port, and lastly, the
username and password to authenticate to the SMTP server.
For example:

{{{
[notifier]
fromemail:gsa_feed_manager@gmail.com
smtpssl:True
smtpserverhost:smtp.gmail.com
smtpserverport:587
authuser:gsa_feed_manager@gmail.com
authpassword:gsa_feed_managerspassword
}}}

or

{{{
[notifier]
fromemail:someuser@yourcorp.com
smtpssl:False
smtpserverhost:smtp.yourcorp.com
smtpserverport:25
authuser:someuser
authpassword:someuserspassword
}}}


For each data source that will be fed into the feed manager, you will
require a section in the feed manager.  For example, if the data source
name was feedsource1, then the section name in the configuration file would
be feedsource1 (see below).

If you wish to perform a transformation on the feed that is received, before
it is submitted, set the value of transformFeed to True and set transformXSL
to the full path and filename to the XSLT that will be used to transform the
feed.

For sending email notifications to a user when a feed is submitted (both
successfully and unsuccessfully), you must set notifyuser to True and
put in a valid email address for the person to be notified.

Set the value of number to the number of GSAs that you will be submitting
the feed two.  In the example below, the number is 2 as we are submitting
the feed to two different GSAs.  You must also set the destinationhost# and
destinationport# for each host that you will be submitting a feed to.  Please
note that # is the actual number of the host in the configuration file
(see example below).

{{{
[feedsource1]
transformFeed:False
transformXSL:c:\projects\feed_manager\feed.xsl
notifyuser:True
toEmail:someuser@yourcorp.com
number:2
destinationhost1:somehost1.yourdomain.com
destinationport1:19900
destinationhost2:somehost2.yourdomain.com
destinationport2:19900
}}}

===Modify Feed Manager Program===

Modify the feedManager.py file, to change the first line to point to your
instance of python.  This needs to be done, as it defines which instance of
python you will be using.  This is especially important if you have more
than one version of python installed on the machine where the feed manager
will be running.

For example, if you use ActivePython v2.5 and it is installed in the c:
directory then you would change the line to:

{{{
#!c:\Python25\python25.exe
}}}

If you use python on unix/linux, and the executable is in /usr/bin, then you
would change the line to:

{{{
#!/usr/bin/python
}}}


===Starting Up the Feed Manager===

Starting up the feed manager is as easy as typing in:

{{{
./feedManager.py
}}}
 
It can also be started by specifying python (you may have to specify the full
path to python if it isn't in your current path) in front of it as so:

{{{
python feedManager.py
}}}

You can make sure that the feed manager is running, by looking at the feed
manager log file, as defined in the feed manager configuration.